---
title: IT Blog 1
layout: post
author: henry.hemsworth
permalink: /it-blog-1/
source-id: 1sKIyH6_j85QLpwtNC85nvY4adCQpUlvIp8od-JAsxlA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Blog 1 </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Going in to the lesson and logging on to the computers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>The target for this lesson was to understand and create a program called "Caesar Cypher"</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>At first when I did not understand the code that was being used, I persevered to try and understand it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I asked questions to my teacher and to my peers when i was stuck or did not understand something.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Although I asked questions, I tried to be independent in my learning by trying figure what a bit of code meant myself before asking for help. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I could have put my hand up and answered questions more in class.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I engaged myself in the lesson by listening to the teacher when being talked to and trying my best to complete the work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Although I tried my best to fully engage in the lesson, I did not answer any questions simply because I did not know the definite answer to a certain question. I now know that I should try and answer questions even if I do not know the definite answer so that I am engaging more in the lesson and learning from my my mistakes.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try and answer questions, even if i do not know that they are correct. This will mean that I will learn from my mistakes and that I will engage more in the lesson.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


