---
title: IT Blog 7
layout: post
author: henry.hemsworth
permalink: /it-blog-7/
source-id: 1aj2QQwTUGbwC3vMJcBX9o-bQGRYiKplerf_QiqkdVao
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Blog 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>14/11/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>The starting point for this lesson was logging on the computers</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To improve our work on binary on google sheets</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, i did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>In this lesson, when something went wrong, instead of giving up and trying something else, i persevered to try and understand what was going wrong.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>When copying down code on to my own work, i tried my best to try and understand what the code would do when i put it in.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I did not just ask for help all lesson, as i tried to do some of the work on my own.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Looking back at the lesson, i am very pleased with the amount of work that i completed and the amount of learning that i did.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>Although I am happy with the amount of work that i got done in the lesson, there were times when i was not focusing on the work as much as i should have.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that could have gone better in my learning this lesson was not putting in 100% effort all the time in the lesson, as there were times in the lesson when i was not focusing as much as i should have.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>If I try to put in 100% focus in my learning at all times next lesson, then I will complete more work and learn more as a result of that. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


