---
title: IT Blog 5
layout: post
author: henry.hemsworth
permalink: /it-blog-5/
source-id: 1rZgoW_p_BO_J82BFb_5fDnOMUV8ii_X9jmKmuk7e2Ec
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Blog 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>17/10/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Going to the computers and logging on</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To improve our Caesar Cypher for the assessment.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I did</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When at first things did not work, I persevered to try and find the problem.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td> I tried to understand why a bit of code did what instead of just putting the code in.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I always tried to solve a problem myself before asking a teacher or one of my peers for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Looking back at the lesson, I think I did a lot in the time available.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I tried to engage fully in the lesson and get a lot of work done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> Looking back at it, I think that I could have used the time more wisely, as when i was stuck i tried to figure it out by myself for too long, whereas I should have called for help or asked my peers for help which would have saved me a lot of time which i could have spent improving my Caesar Cypher for the assessment. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i need to make sure that i do not spend too long trying to figure it out myself if i have no idea how to do something, as i can ask either my peers or the teacher to help me out and ultimately save a lot of time.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


