---
title: IT Blog 2
layout: post
author: henry.hemsworth
permalink: /it-blog-2/
source-id: 1_xLkr6KuSsFCohnkp3K9QCI9R6Ky2Gt-MfvaNvbGVzA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Blog 2 </td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Logging in to the computers</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make our Caesar Cypher more sophisticated and more practical</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When at first I did not understand it, I persevered to try and understand the code and what it meant.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>When I still did not understand a certain bit of code after persevering to try and work it out, I asked my peers and Mr Tansley for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I tried to work independently as well as making questions so that I did work of my own.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I am happy with the way that I conducted myself during the lesson and the amount of work that I got done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I tried my best to fully engage in the lesson, though I did not answer any questions, which I must try to improve</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the start of the lesson, when everyone else was getting on with the activity at hand, I was busy fixing my code from the previous lesson, as I was not happy with the way I had completed the code last lesson.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>To improve my learning in the future, I need to pay close attention the the board and whilst Mr Tansley is explaining something, so that I can be sure that I will copy the code down correctly and also understand what the code means. This will mean that I can spend more time on the activity at hand, and not fix previous mistakes.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


