---
title: IT Blog 9
layout: post
author: henry.hemsworth
permalink: /it-blog-9/
source-id: 1-8ZpMipKpH1P0jqjswIwLvLrPLiasnFK1yB2-T-CJm4
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>IT Blog 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/11/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>The starting point for this lesson was logging on to the computers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>The target for this lesson was to learn how to structure instructions and make them easy to follow.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>When my original idea did not work, i tried other ideas instead of just giving up or waiting for someone else to answer it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>When I needed it, I asked my teacher and peers for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I also tried to do some of the work on my own instead of asking my peers and the Mr Keen for everything.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>Looking back at the lesson, I think I contributed well to my group and the work we achieved.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I think I engaged well in the lesson however there are improvements I can make.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson, I could have tried to pay more attention while Mr Keen was talking and therefore I did not learn as much as I could have learnt more in the time.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, if I pay attention the whole period of the time, and as a result of this will learn more and take in more information. This means that next lesson I need to try and pay attention all the time.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


